plugins/modules/nbde_server_tang.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/firewall_lib.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/firewall_lib_facts.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/firewall_lib.py validate-modules:missing-examples
roles/firewall/files/get_files_checksums.sh shebang!skip
plugins/modules/blivet.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/blivet.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/blivet.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/blivet.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/modules/blivet.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/modules/blivet.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/blivet.py validate-modules:import-error
plugins/modules/blivet.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/blockdev_info.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/bsize.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/find_unused_disk.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/lvm_gensym.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/resolve_blockdev.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/module_utils/storage_lsr/argument_validator.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/storage_lsr/size.py pep8!skip
tests/storage/scripts/generate_tests.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
tests/storage/scripts/generate_tests.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
tests/storage/scripts/generate_tests.py shebang!skip
tests/storage/scripts/post-commit shebang!skip
tests/storage/scripts/pre-commit shebang!skip
plugins/filter/vpn_ipaddr.py no-unicode-literals!skip
tests/vpn/unit/test_vpn_ipaddr.py no-unicode-literals!skip
lsr_role2coll_extra_script-vpn shebang!skip
plugins/modules/nbde_client_clevis.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/certmonger.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/certmonger.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/certmonger.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/certmonger.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/certmonger.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/certmonger.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/providers.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/providers.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/providers.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/providers.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/providers.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/providers.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py validate-modules:import-error
tests/kernel_settings/install_ansible_for_testing.sh shebang!skip
tests/kernel_settings/install_tuned_for_testing.sh shebang!skip
tests/kernel_settings/run_ansible_for_testing.sh shebang!skip
plugins/modules/kernel_settings.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/kernel_settings.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/kernel_settings.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/__init__.py empty-init!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/active_connection.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/active_connection.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/active_connection.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/active_connection.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/active_connection.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/active_connection.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/client.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/client.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/client.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/client.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/client.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/client.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/connection.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/connection.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/connection.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/connection.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/connection.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/connection.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/provider.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/provider.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/provider.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/provider.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/provider.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/network_lsr/nm/provider.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/network_connections.py validate-modules:missing-examples
plugins/modules/network_connections.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/network_connections.py validate-modules:no-default-for-required-parameter
plugins/modules/network_connections.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/network_connections.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
tests/network/covstats shebang!skip
tests/network/ensure_provider_tests.py compile-2.6!skip
tests/network/ensure_provider_tests.py compile-2.7!skip
tests/network/ensure_provider_tests.py compile-3.5!skip
tests/network/ensure_provider_tests.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
tests/network/ensure_provider_tests.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
tests/network/ensure_provider_tests.py shebang!skip
tests/network/get_coverage.sh shebang!skip
tests/network/get_total_coverage.sh shebang!skip
tests/network/git-pre-commit.sh shebang!skip
tests/network/git-post-commit.sh shebang!skip
tests/network/integration/conftest.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
tests/network/integration/conftest.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
tests/network/integration/test_ethernet.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
tests/network/integration/test_ethernet.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
tests/network/merge_coverage.sh shebang!skip
tests/network/unit/test_network_connections.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
tests/network/unit/test_network_connections.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
tests/network/unit/test_nm_provider.py future-import-boilerplate!skip
tests/network/unit/test_nm_provider.py metaclass-boilerplate!skip
plugins/modules/timesync_provider.sh shebang
